Add tutorial fixes to arch review, accelerator design, and csr manager (#129)
KULeuven-MICAS/snax_cluster: docs/tutorial/architectural_overview.md

In this tutorial, we will build a simple SNAX system supporting one simple ALU accelerator. The figure below shows the target architecture we will build:

![image](https://github.com/KULeuven-MICAS/snitch_cluster/assets/26665295/458fa1b4-0b56-4913-9798-353c7dad803a)

We annotate some notable characteristics:

(1) - It has a memory that is 128kB large, with 32 banks where each bank has 64 bits of data width. We call this memory the **tighly coupled data memory (TCDM)**.

(2) - There is a complex TCDM interconnect that handles data transfers from Snitch CPU cores, accelerator core, the DMA and an AXI port.

(3) - There exists Snitch CPU cores that control the accelerator. The Snitch is a light-weight RV32I core for dispatching commands to the accelerator. A dedicated Snitch core is given to a DMA to allow parallel operations.

(4) - **Any accelerator sits on a shell marked by the yellow highlight**. This shell provides control and data interfaces to the accelerator (SNAX ALU). The SNAX shell consists of a control and status register (CSR) manager and a data streamer.

(5) - The **control and status register (CSR) manager** handles CSR requests from a CPU core to the accelerator.

> (6) - The **data streamers** provide flexible data access for the accelerators. These design and run time flexible streamers help in streamlining data delivery to the accelerator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(6) - The **data streamers** provide flexible data access for the accelerators. These design and run time flexible streamers help in streamlining data delivery to the accelerator and vice versa.
```

## Programming Your System

> After building the system, we can immediatley test and profile your work through a C-code program. We write CSR read and write commands to configure the accelerator. We provide a detailed tutorial in [Programming Your Design](./programming.md). We also provide some useful tools for debugging and profiling your design in [Other Tools](./other_tools.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After building the system, we can immediatley test and profile your work through a C-code program. We write configuration to the CSRs using read and write commands to configure the accelerator. We provide a detailed tutorial in [Programming Your Design](./programming.md). We also provide some useful tools for debugging and profiling your design in [Other Tools](./other_tools.md).
```
